Review section for TimePicker control. (#624)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/timepicker/picker-mode.md

---
title: Picker Mode
page_title: .NET MAUI TimePicker Documentation - Picker Mode

> description: Define PickerMode of Telerik TimePicker for .NET MAUI to either DropDown or Popup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to set the PickerMode of the Telerik UI for .NET MAUI TimePicker to either DropDown or Popup.
```
